docs: document `reasoning_content` output removal as a breaking client change (#50624)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/features/reasoning_outputs.md

!!! warning
    `reasoning` used to be called `reasoning_content`. To migrate, directly replace `reasoning_content` with `reasoning`.

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

!!! warning

>     `reasoning` used to be called `reasoning_content`. To migrate, directly replace `reasoning_content` with `reasoning`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `reasoning` used to be called `reasoning_content`. To migrate, directly replace `reasoning_content` with `reasoning`.
    
    It is important that you also update your client code. Otherwise, your client code could silently read an empty `reasoning_content`, even when `reasoning` is populated.
```

| **Input** (assistant messages in subsequent requests) | Both accepted; `reasoning_content` is normalized to `reasoning` ([#42664](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/pull/42664)). |

This asymmetry is a **silent breaking change for output consumers**: a client
that reads `delta.reasoning_content` (the older DeepSeek convention) gets
`None` and loses the chain-of-thought with no error. The OpenAI Python SDK
does not declare either field on `ChoiceDelta`, so `reasoning` only surfaces
via pydantic's extra-field handling — direct attribute access such as
`delta.reasoning` raises `AttributeError` on chunks where the field is absent
(e.g. the first role-only chunk). Always read it defensively:

```python
reasoning = getattr(delta, "reasoning", None) or getattr(delta, "reasoning_content", None)
```

Example SDKs that consume streaming reasoning from vLLM through the
OpenAI-compatible API include [tulip-agents](https://github.com/tuliplabs-ai/sdk-python),
which reads both field names for streaming and non-streaming responses so the
same client code works across vLLM builds.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    }
    ```

> OpenAI Python client library does not officially support `reasoning` attribute for streaming output. But the client supports extra attributes in the response. Use `getattr` (not `hasattr`/direct attribute access) to check if the `reasoning` attribute is present in the response — the OpenAI SDK stores the field in pydantic's extra-field storage, and direct access such as `delta.reasoning` raises `AttributeError` on chunks where the field is absent (e.g. the first role-only chunk). For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenAI Python client library does not officially support `reasoning` attribute for streaming output. But the client supports extra attributes in the response. You can use `getattr` to check if the `reasoning` attribute is present in the response. For example:
```
